Alrighty, episode five already of the
Ryan and Lonnie, Lonnie and Ryan, I
don't know. Order doesn't matter, I
guess, podcast.
>> And you're the one you're the one that
named this. I want to really want to be
clear on that. Ryan is the one that
named it and he gave me top billing,
>> which I'm not that happy about. I'd
rather his name
>> Well, I had I had to. I didn't have a
choice.
>> But anyways,
we have a uh we have a special guest
today.
Rev. Resale. Dave. David is your name. I
Can we just call you Rev? I like calling
>> Call me Yeah, I'm fine with anything.
Call me anything but late for supper.
>> Oh, I was that was going to be my
question. I was going to ask him if Rev
was okay. I was hoping it would be
because I love I love it. The Rev.
>> The Rev.
>> But we are super excited to have you on
here. here. I know you've been a viewer
of both of ours for quite a long time
>> and I've always been a big fan of uh
everything that you've done on social
media, but um if you don't mind maybe
just introduce yourself real quick and
kind of tell the audience who you are
and what you do.
>> Yeah. Well, uh the name Rev is not by
mistake. Of course, no one else uh
really calls me Rev. I'm Pastor D and
our uh you know in our community but I
just thought uh the name Rev Resell I
think I started watching resell rabbit a
long long time ago and I thought man if
that cat could resell I could too and uh
>> thought well how how can we play off the
name Serev Resell came about and uh
started watching Lonnie started watching
a lot of other resellers through the
years um but I am a full-time pastor
part-time reseller part-time time uh
content creator in years past. Uh had
another channel uh Rev Restoration where
I took old Fords and
>> uh old cars and sort of brought them
back to life. Uh my first calling is
pastor, but after that I got a lot of
hats I wear.
>> That's awesome. That's awesome. So, what
does like what does your week look like
generally?
>> Well, pastors only work uh maybe one day
a week. So, of course, we don't have
anything else. That's a joke, by the
way, for any uh for any pastors.
That is my full-time job. So, of course,
anytime that takes precedence over uh
everything, you know, out outside of
family. Um but I I have this is a
pastorum, this is a study. I've got
books all around me. Uh so, I'm able to
to have office hours here at the house.
So, that allows me to be free to do a
lot of other things. hospital visits,
uh, Wednesday nights, Sundays, of
course, I'm always at the church, spend
a couple hours at the church, uh, you
know, on other days of the week, but my
schedule is pretty open unless something
goes haywire and I'm required at the
hospital or somewhere else. So, it
allows me to pick up if there's a big
deal of Hot Wheels or comic books or
trading cards. I can
>> take off in the middle of the day if
everybody's well and doing good. So,
it's
>> I feel like that's kind of like
>> that's kind of like the perfect two gigs
to have if you're a part-time reseller.
You know, like you have pastoring and
then also doing the resell thing, which
are both very flexible type schedules.
So,
>> I'm sure that works out really well for
you.
>> I I have a I have a question for you,
Rev. This is going to be kind of dumb,
but Okay. I've heard I've heard Okay.
What What What kind of church are you uh
the pastor of?
>> It's uh Porterdale Baptist. So, we're uh
we're not hardline. We ain't going to
beat you over the head with the Bible.
It's a good sword, but we're uh I'm just
a good old country Southern Baptist.
>> Nice.
>> Okay. Okay. That's That's how I was
raised. So, you um I haven't been to
church in a long time, though, Rev. I
got to be honest with you. Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> Um
>> what why I noticed sometimes like
sometimes you're called a pre Sometimes
those of your ilk are called preachers.
Sometimes they're called reverends,
sometimes they're called pastors. Like
how do you choose how do you choose
which one to be called or or how should
I call somebody like that? How
>> well the official of some uh will say,
"Hey, you know, the the title, the job
that I have, I serve as a pastor. So I'm
a pastor of a local body of believers at
the church." So the Port Baptist Church
on their sign it says pastor David A.
Wheeler. So, I'm their pastor, but when
I was ordained, usually an ordained
minister receives that REV reverend at
the beginning of the name. It's sort of
an official uh official title that
you're given. Uh most guys, uh don't go
by Rev, of course, don't go by Reverend.
Uh but of course, since I've been doing
uh YouTube, of course, I've had a lot of
people calling me that. Of course, I put
it as my title, but uh I don't I I don't
hold that title anywhere else other than
if I'm signing an official document or
thank you notes on my orders on eBay.
>> Do you lay your accent on a little
thicker when you're doing your videos?
>> Some people say that. I don't know if it
is my preacher voice and that's just the
way it comes out when I'm doing a video
or when I'm preaching. I don't know if
you can hear it now. Maybe when I get
excited a little bit, it comes out. I
know. I saw a video on Facebook. Someone
said, "That accent was unbelievable."
And it's kind of like I hear it all.
>> I saw your wife defending you in the
comments, too. She was like, "No, he
talks like this all the time."
>> Nick is a big defender of mine. So, I'm
not not surprised at all. the the one
I'm the one the the one I'm referring to
in particular is the one where you the
you had a buyer buy and we're going to
show some of these here in a little bit
because I want to have some multimedia
but it is the one where the the buyer
told you how to pack it
>> and your accent it was so good I mean it
was so it was so thick so southern I
just wanted to take a biscuit and like
soop it up with sop that accent up with
a biscuit and chow Man, it was all
>> Well, you're in southern Louisiana and I
don't know if you've ever heard of a
bore a hole biscuit, but you get a
biscuit, you bore a hole in it, you pour
gravy in it, and eat it. I mean, that's
uh
>> that is awesome.
>> That's good groceries. It's good. I'm
telling you, it's good.
>> Did you say that's good groceries?
>> That's good groceries, man. That's good
groceries.
>> I love it.
>> Now, you're in you're in Georgia. Is
that
>> right? I was born in uh I always like to
say when I'm preaching or visiting uh
you know preaching at a different
church, I always like to say I was born
in the tail end of the world. I'm from
Buts County, Georgia. So uh I always say
the tail end of the world. That's my
little little dig there.
>> That's awesome.
>> So I also noticed that you sell you have
an entire room of records.
>> Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that was uh that
was something that came about probably I
don't know two two or three years ago. I
just noticed I always saw records and I
knew some vinyl was good. I enjoy music.
I've got a record player to my right
here in in the study and we had a spare
bedroom uh and Nikkiet allowed me to uh
take the bed out and put up shelves and
I've just I probably have I don't know
there's uh A through Z twice and then
one through 11 and they probably have 60
in every one of those. So that's
probably three 4,000 vinyl records.
>> Wow. So, uh, a lot of them, of course, I
buy collections. So, I've sold some for
$14, $1,500, and I I don't try to sell
them any cheaper than $8. And then I put
them on sale after if they sit there for
a while. So, I start uh I probably list
two or 300 a day. I don't have any to
list now. We need some yard sales.
>> Wait, but you list two or 300 records in
a in one day. it it not not always
records but if I have records uh I can
list two or 30 hundred a day and if I
trading cards right over here if I don't
have uh that I try to put up trading
cards and make sure I get you know a
bunch of listings up not not every day
but of course if there's two or three
hours I get it done it's an AI listister
I know uh Kevin came and had his code
commonwealth
>> uh but it it works when you have an
abundance of one thing, you can sort of
set it up and let it go. And it's been
great. I mean, it's been uh it it
allowed me to list a garage full of
vinyl records in about three months. So,
>> Wow. Wow.
>> Pretty awesome.
>> So, have you seen me pack a vinyl record
before?
>> Yeah, I have. So, anytime I've ever
shown that,
>> I I typically get like like most like
normal people, they're like, "Oh, yeah,
that's great. Thank you." Like, "Looks
like a good way to pack it." But the ex
experts and really the the collectors
more probably they hate the way I pack
records, even though I don't really have
any complaints from my buyers. How do
you pack a record?
>> I never have had a complaint other than
those. I had one the other day. A guy
told me a specific way and this wasn't a
record. This was something else, a
specific way and all it was was a cable
to a Sony. It was just a Sony uh power
cable. And uh he he asked me to pack it
in a box and I put it in a bubble
mailer. I had like 30 items to ship and
I got a uh well I didn't get he sent me
a negative comment and I refunded his
money. It was like seven bucks. But I do
it the same way you do, except uh I just
uh I take the vinyl out of the cover.
>> So I have just the inner sleeve on the
outside. I put one piece of bubble on
top, one piece of bubble on the bottom,
and then I completely I think you leave
the edges of the comic, the vinyl mailer
out. I fold it all the way in which
gives it which allows it to connect more
in the middle. That's the only thing
different I do. I know you put extra
cardboard in. I don't even do that
>> sometimes. Sometimes I do that.
Sometimes I don't.
>> Okay. I I get crit that's that's one of
the things I get the most criticism on.
And so I always feel a little bad when
I'm packing a record on a video because
I'm like, man, I'm kind of fake of fake
because I'm not doing it right. But I
sent out a bunch of records and I've had
very few complaints. So, but you do take
you take it out of the sleeve though.
>> Not not always. Of course. Like I say, I
have a uh different ways that I do. I
have probably three 400 records that are
like the ones that you list that are a
little bit nicer that are, you know, 10,
12, 15, 20 and on up. They're out in my
uh shed flips. Not shed flips, I don't
want to take it from you. The shed I got
the shed I've got that I've me and my
old man built in the backyard. So, uh we
have the vinyl out there. Uh, it's I
I've taken pictures of it, but the ones
in the house, a great majority of those,
I just take a picture of the front cover
with the record pulled maybe two or
three inches out to show there's a
record there and I take a picture of the
back and on my listing it just says
discount vinyl G+ or better. And uh
people always write and ask, "Hey, is it
and it's always much better than G+,
>> but I do that just so I can do it
quickly that I'm not having to grade
every record." And that's the way I'm
able to do three or 400. I just quickly
scan them and just go, you know, go
quickly
>> and and I'm selling them at a discount
and we're selling, you know, 10, 15,
sometimes 20 a day. So
>> So you're kind of selling them more in
volume than like trying to get top
dollar for each one. Well, I'm selling
them individually, but I'm selling them
at a discounted price. It sells it
quicker,
>> right? Makes sense.
>> Yeah. Okay.
>> So, you don't spend a lot of time on So,
so how do you I guess I guess the main
thing for you is you have experience, so
you can quickly look at the surface of a
record and say, "Oh, well, that's scuff.
That's just a scuff. It'll be all
right." Or, "That's a scratch. It might
skip."
>> Yeah. Um, I if it is not a 10, 15, or
well, probably more like a 15 or $20
record, I'm not going to play it all the
way through. Of course, if it's a higher
value record, I'll put it on the record
player and I've listened to music. Good
Lord, I need to repent of uh because I
just wanted to hear how how it sounded.
So, I've done that. And uh but if it is
uh you know 10 15 or less than $10, if
I'm selling them for eight and 8 to 12,
I'm just going to look at it. If it's
got a scratch, I'm throwing it away.
I've got old I've had old pudding
>> loaded down with a thousand records at a
time going to the landfill because if
they're scratched or scuffed or the
cover is just torn all to pieces, I'm
not even going to send it out for $7.
>> Did Did you say old pudding? That's my
truck. You don't know about old pudding?
>> Old pudding?
>> Yes. It's a 1968
F-100. I've actually got a
>> Oh, wow.
>> And it it the first time I cranked it
up, me and the old man, we cranked it up
and it was running good. And then I told
my dad, I said, "Cut it off. Cut it
off." We didn't check the oil. And when
I checked the oil, it had water in the
engine and it looked like tapioca
pudding. When I went to drain it, I
mean, the oil. So that's where the
nickname came from. Old pudding.
>> Can I show them old pudding right now?
You mind?
>> Show them. Show them pudding.
>> I found I found old pudding, by the way.
>> You Okay, hang on. I'm going to u I'm
going to screen share for you, Ryan.
>> Let's see. We're going to take a look at
Now, this is from Revation, which you
haven't done in a couple of years.
>> Yeah, we can talk about that.
>> Yeah, but let's look at Old Pudding for
now.
>> There it is. is that's uh the very first
I think that may be the first video.
>> Is there any revival? Is there any
resurrection?
>> That's old pudding right here.
>> That is old pudding right there.
>> Wow. And and you found how did how did
you come to find old pudding in the
middle of the woods again? How
>> uh that's actually one of my dad's
junkyards. He uh that's actually the
behind the house that we grew up with
grew up in. And uh that's old pudding
right there. Look Good looking rascal.
I'm talking about the truck, by the way.
>> So, did this is something I've I've
always wanted to ask you because I I
used to watch this channel all the time.
>> Did your dad collect old vehicles or did
he own a junkyard of some sort?
>> He did. Well, he um he worked at Sniper
Power, made Sniper lawnmowers for many
years. He worked there.
>> Okay.
>> And uh he was uh I wouldn't want to say
a big wig. He worked with all the guys.
He worked third shift and folks just
sort of knew if they needed some extra
money, my dad would buy some of their
old cars. So we he's drugg home cars
from everywhere and I even painted
restoration on the door.
>> I see that
truck.
>> That's right.
>> That's a We got a better view right
here.
>> I left it just as rusty as it is on the
outside and I've redone all the
interior.
>> That is awesome. that.
>> Where did you get the interior parts
like LMC or something like that?
>> That's right. I uh I got most All that
needed was a seat cover. I redid the
floor pans, put in a new gas tank, which
is behind the seat, uh painted the
engine, put in a new carburetor, new
distributor.
She runs like slick as a whistle.
>> So, we have something in common. I don't
know if you've ever seen it. My truck
isn't as old as yours, but I have
>> your square body.
>> Okay. All right. safety unit.
>> And uh yeah, I did I did something
similar. I did I haven't done a whole
lot on the outside, but I did do a lot
of the inside and I got pretty much
everything from LMC Truck. So
>> Mhm.
>> Um actually Lonnie got to drive that
truck a few months back. Yeah.
>> Yeah. Yeah. It was nice. But it's uh
contankerous. It might not run quite as
good as Old Pudding, but it'll go. You
just got to coax it along a little bit.
>> Well, see, I know it's a Chevy. I
actually put a Chevrolet distributor
inside of Old Pudding just so I wouldn't
have points because of course the old
points make them very difficult sometime
to to run, right? But I put that old
Chevrolet one wire distributor on it and
I hit the key and it cranked right up.
>> Nice.
>> So
>> So So how long were you like you you ran
uh Revation up to like really
>> like you had huge.
>> Yeah, you had something really good
going there, huh? Yeah, it was uh it was
man, it was fun, me and me and my dad
working on them. Nikki T, she helped
work on them a bunch. Uh I I think
Lonnie alluded to it in his conversation
with Candice. Uh you know, having the
cars and working on the old cars to make
one video was pretty expensive. I mean,
it takes uh time and resources. And of
course, we went out and bought cars we
didn't need uh just to do a video. And
you know, it was fun, but we had a lot
of uh viewers and and y'all understand
this. You're online and people see you
every week. They look forward to your
videos every week and they feel like
they know you because they see your
content all the time.
>> Uh we had some people that got really
that got really close. They watched the
videos, found out like our our where we
lived and what roads we lived on and was
showing up to the house had
>> Yeah.
>> Uh that some people actually went to the
old man's place and stole some parts and
and broke into his cars
>> and then had a had a dude showed up here
at the house and knocked on the door and
and my daughter was the only one home
and uh you know was hey called was
calling my daughter's name. Oh, I know
you. You're Reagan.
>> And it uh it it got a little it got a
little too too personal for me. So, I I
decided I'd back off.
>> Interesting. Because I was going to ask
I think we both were kind of curious of
why why you stopped, but that makes
total sense. I didn't expect that, but
totally understandable. Wow.
>> It's a similar story to Ryan. That's
That's very similar to Ryan. We look
forward. My kids, my daughter is
graduating this year and uh both our
kids do great in school and so we we'll
get back to it one day, but we want to
make sure that it's uh you know, we want
our kids to not have any pressure just
because their dad is a YouTuber. So,
>> totally understand how you're how you
how how you're feeling with that because
I don't think I've ever actually said it
publicly, but I have had people show up
to my house as well.
>> Um, it's it's very very uncomfortable.
So,
>> yeah.
>> Um,
>> and I don't know I don't know if there
was any there probably was zero evil
intent,
>> right?
>> But it was just it was just too close. I
mean, we've had people I I baptized and
Lonnie, you remember them Baptist days
when you put them under the water? I've
baptized viewers of the restoration
channel that I would invite I would say,
"Hey, come to church. We'd love to love
for you to come to church." We've had
people join
>> uh the church from watching the channel
and that was a-ok. Okay. But when you
just show up to the house unannounced
and think you can uh sort of walk in I
about took the collar off. I mean it's
it's uh
>> it would have been rough.
>> Um we we were watching what's his name
on uh Tik Tok, Ryan? Justin Nun.
>> Justin Nunley.
>> Nunley. Do you ever watch him, Rev?
>> I have. Yeah.
>> He He did He's done this a couple of
times where he talks about how people
come up to his house. And he said, "No,
I don't care what what you're pitching,
what you're giving me,
>> I'm going to throw it away. What you owe
it, whatever you ask me, the answer is
going to be no. Don't come to my house.
Don't come to my house. don't like and
it's you could tell at his level though
he should in my opinion he should move
to like a a walled off mansion somewhere
right you know but
>> yeah of course if I'm out at Walmart or
Kroger or if I'm out at Crystal and
somebody sees me they they've called
same with my dad and Nicki and if they
see us speak I'll shake your hand I'll
hug your neck I'll get a picture with
you no problem at all but don't show up
to my doicile and expect you going to
knock on the door and and just come in.
>> Uh
>> that that wasn't that wasn't good. And
then then of course my daughter was you
know didn't like it and I thought ah
it's not it's not worth it. So we
>> absolutely not.
>> Well this is not that is not the answer
I was expecting.
>> Me neither.
>> But it totally makes sense. It does,
>> you know, and it came about they were
watching they were watching the video so
closely when we would crank up these old
Fords. We'd go, my dad lives on a three
and a half mile dirt road and uh we
would just dog them. Sometimes they
would have no brakes. We'd have to put
them in the ditch to stop them. We'd
drive all over.
But people would see that little country
sign that said the name of the road and
they would just go on Google Maps I
guess or whatnot and try to find uh our
address did the same thing here uh you
know coming out of uh our house and man
if somebody wants to know and you know
that's that's too much.
>> Unfortunately every little tiny clue
that you give them
>> is just enough. I learned that the hard
way as well. It's unfortunate and like
you said like I've never had any
negative necessarily encounters of like
people coming to my house but still like
it's it's uncomfortable and it's like
you know it's not like you're not
invited.
>> Yeah.
>> So Ryan you know how few clues they need
because you do that contest. Tell them
about that contest. I don't think you've
talked about that before.
>> The contest.
>> Yeah. On your um on TikTok every Friday.
Oh, that's right. Yeah. So, every
Friday.
>> Yeah, every Friday. Um, well, I haven't
done it every Friday lately, but for a
while every Friday, I was hiding money
in public,
>> like 20, $30 here and there. And like
progressively the
actually very quickly the money started
getting found like like within like 20
minutes of posting the video. And so I
tried to make them harder and harder
>> and or what I thought were harder and
harder and show like minimal clues of
where the money is, etc. And still the
money was found like pretty much every
video I ever posted of doing that. The
money was found within within a half an
hour, 45 minutes of posting.
>> So and and the clues are not great
either. I've the one I've watched, I was
like, "No way they're going to get
that." And they boom. Have y'all ever
seen the guy you can show this dude a p
like just a picture a random picture and
it have like
>> it'll just have a couple of trees and a
beach and then he can pinpoint like dead
accurate exactly where in the world on
the planet that place is.
>> I'm like that's too much.
This was a this was a Rev Resale video
that we were doing and
Lonnie always said if you got money in
the thumbnail, you know, people are
going to watch it. You know, I don't
know if Lonnie said that or not, but I
always felt like videos, yard sale
videos or whatnot.
>> If you're exchanging money and you get a
screenshot or a picture of exchanging
money, people would watch.
>> Well, my crazy self was pulling out my
wallet that I made. I was opening my
wallet up and I used to have I'm not
going to turn my checkbook the right
way. I used to have my checkbook out
here and my money behind me.
>> Oh no.
>> I had a lady message me on, you know,
and said, "Hey, you need to take this
this few uh seconds out of your video."
And I just said, "Why?" And she shot me
my uh account number to my bank.
>> Yep. I mean,
>> wow.
>> Rev. Rev, I gotta stop you again. You
You just dropped these little flexes. I
don't know if you think you're flexing
or not.
>> You just flexed on us. I think that you
made a wallet.
>> Yeah. Yeah.
>> I got my leather my leather station is
right over here. So, uh
>> Yeah, man.
>> Are you joking right now?
>> I am not joking at all. That and this is
crawling under cars and getting it
scratched when you're crawling under
cars when it's hanging out my pocket. I
made this leather wallet myself. Yep.
>> Wow.
>> Wow. That is awesome. So, and and let me
guess, it's from cowhide from a calf you
raised from a from from a little calf.
You helped birth the calf.
>> I didn't tan the hide. I did not I'm not
not that good. So, I've tanned a few
hides, but not not with leather.
>> What? Man, that's a that's amazing. What
can you You You do everything.
>> I do a lot. I I They They say, like I
say, preachers only work one day a week.
So, I got all this spare time. I got all
this spare time that I can do all this
kind of stuff.
>> And And another thing that preachers
have to be good at, they have to um How
big is your church? How big is your
congregation?
>> I'd like to say it's a normativiz
church. We're we're under a hundred. So,
we're not a big church. We're older
congregation. It's my home church, the
one I was raised in, baptized in.
>> So, I've been to South Georgia. I
pastored in Alaska in 20
>> Wow.
>> I guess 2017. I got called back uh to my
home church. Uh been back now since
2017. So going on eight or nine years
now.
>> So I imagine you probably have to do a
lot of the um multimedia work at your
church, don't you? Like
>> Well, we actually have co helped that.
Of course, we were still back in the
stone age. Uh we didn't really have a
lot of uh social media type stuff. But
whenever COVID hit, of course, we
couldn't gather. So we I started using
my phone and doing Facebook live. And
now we've got three or four cameras in
the church. We've got a guy on the
computer in the back. So we stream our
Sunday morning service, Sunday evening,
Wednesday evening service every week. So
it's uh it's pretty cool.
>> Okay. That's something I wanted to ask
you just out of curiosity like how like
the um
the the amount of people that attend
like have have you seen an increase like
since co or have you seen like a
decrease or has it kind of stayed the
same or I'm sure there's many different
factors to that but I was just curious
>> there is yeah we've lost we we have like
I say it's older congregation so we we
lost folks that that just sort of had
the fear of getting around other folks
uh so we lost some you know, some of the
older crowd, but we've gained we've
gained a lot of younger folks that are
coming. We got visitors pretty much
every week. We actually haven't had
service on a Sunday morning now because
of the snow and ice. Uh wow.
>> So, I looked at the weather and actually
posted it. We're at like 60 on Sunday.
So, hopefully we'll be able to gather.
>> That's good.
>> Lonnie, did you want to show one of his
his shorts? Because because you've been
that's something you've been sorry did
you have something that you
>> No no no no I know I'm on No I've I've
got some other questions I want to ask
but they can wait till later. No no I
want to I want to show that that the one
short I mean I've seen a couple of them
but one of them is just like it's so
brilliant. I love it so much.
>> So you've been you've been posting a lot
on Facebook. We've noticed um
>> Yeah. Yeah. Lonnie said it was fun and
uh I wanted to try and it is. I'm I'm uh
my creative juices have flowed in some
of my crazy shows so far.
>> They've been they've been every time you
post one, I'm so I'm so entertained and
it's so they're so fun, too.
>> Let me um
>> I will link I want to say real quick,
too. I will link your Facebook in the uh
description below for people to go and
give you a follow over there. So, are
>> Rev, are you doing like Tik Tok or
anything else or
>> I'm not. See, I I'm uh I'm only doing
Facebook. I don't have Tik Tok account.
I have an Instagram. I probably need to
start start that. I'm going to start
back YouTube on on Rev Resell probably
before too much longer. Uh but I'm
enjoying Facebook just kind of learn
that game and see if we can make it
work.
>> You know what you can do, Rev? Um and
this is how I like most of my reels I
put up. Uh, I put them up on Instagram
and then there's a little button you can
slide over to have it automatically
share to Facebook and it'll just drop it
on face like so one upload and it's on
both places.
>> Yeah,
>> because they kind of share it.
>> Yeah, that's how I do it, too. It makes
it really really easy.
>> Okay, hang on, Ryan. I'm I'm trying to
share. Did I share it or not?
>> I'm not seeing it on my end.
>> Okay, wait. Now you should have it.
>> Yep. Okay. So, let let's just let this
one play through and then we could talk
about it. But this is like I thought
this was just awesome.
Uh am I getting warm or cold? Am I
getting
>> Oh, I have no idea.
>> Oh, that's record room. Keep going. I
think it's Yeah, that's the record room.
>> Yeah, that was the older one there.
>> Uh that's the first one I did. Yep.
You're going the wrong way. Go the other
way.
>> Okay. Okay.
Keep going. Keep going. Keep going.
>> That's it right here. This is it. Okay.
No, let's just watch this through. This
is so good.
>> Yes. He accepted the offer. $27.50
for those Marvel comic books. Wonderful.
OH, EVEN BETTER. HE SENT me a message
telling me HOW TO PACK THEM. I GOT THESE
INSTRUCTIONS. I got to go. Oh my
goodness. These instructions are so
awesome. I'm so happy I got them. Oh,
it's on chef C.
See top DB11.
>> Confirm if they are boarded. Oh no, they
are not boarded at all.
Y'all can catch the sarcasm.
>> Oh yeah, I didn't at first though.
>> Now that they are all boarded, I need to
sandwich them between two pieces of
cardboard. Need to make sure that I wrap
them in bubble.
Secure them in a comic mailer.
For an extra layer of protection, I'm
putting it in a poly bag, an oversized
poly bag for moisture protection.
Here's your public service announcement
of the day. Experienced eBay sellers are
so excited when we get instructions
about how to pack the packages. Public
service announcement, the real one.
There's nothing more as an experienced
eBay seller that we want our buyers to
get exactly what they ordered, exactly
how they ordered it. So, we're going to
ship them safely. We do it 20, 30, 40,
50 times a day. We want to make sure you
get exactly what you ordered. Follow for
more content like this.
That was so good.
>> You know what? There's a lot for me.
There's a lot more going on there
>> because this is something This is
something that I've had I've been trying
to I've been challenging myself and Ryan
has too. I know. And he's helped me with
this. There was a time, Rev, when I
would get a message like that
>> telling me how to do it.
>> And it would it would get me, man. Like
I'd be like, "Who do you think you are
telling me?"
>> Instead of And I know I I know the
sarcasm was It took me a minute to catch
the sarcasm to be honest.
>> Yeah.
>> Mhm.
>> And I'm like, "Whoa, what is wrong with
this guy?" Like,
>> oh boy.
>> I did a I did it really well if it took
you that long to catch it. Well, I mean,
>> you
you definitely have a lot of talent
there because like the acting was
superb. You had the second camera angle
with you running across the screen.
>> Like you have cinematography going on
here.
>> Hey,
>> but what I really appreciate is the
message that I think a lot of resellers
can use
>> and that is yeah, the guy, you know, the
the customer was probably hurt before,
right? That's probably
>> right.
>> They got hurt before some seller didn't
pack their stuff right and they're doing
that and I'm sure when they got your
package they probably were just pleased
as punch.
>> I hope so. Yeah,
>> because you you packed it. You packed
that really well.
>> Yeah. Every time. I mean it is never our
intent. I mean why would we want to sell
something and for them to get it damaged
because we're out shipping, we're out
we're out everything. So for, you know,
for a prospective or for a buyer to give
someone instructions, we're probably
going to do it better than what they
tell us to do. Uh because we want
nothing else than for them to get the
package exactly like they ordered it. So
at least that's the way I I try to do my
business. I have seen some crappy
resellers pack some crappy packages.
Lonnie is most certainly not one of
those. I mean, he's the pack daddy. If
there ever was a pack daddy daddy,
>> I I don't pack I don't pack as well as
you, though. I don't I don't go the
moisture protection quite as much. I
think you're more concerned about the
moisture.
>> Yeah, that that might have been for that
video uh that I was uh playing that one
off. I'm just telling you, Lonnie, if
you ever purchased anything from our
store, I would cancel the purchase. I
would not ship it to you. I mean, no way
I could live up to his ability of
packing. I I would have to resize the
box. I mean, I would have to Franken. I
mean, I wouldn't
Nothing but respect, good sir. Nothing
but respect.
>> Well Well, being as how you you're a
creator yourself, you know that um I I
pack the good thing about me packing on
camera every single day now is I don't
take a day off from packing. Like I
don't have like I can't have a bad day
>> because it's being broadcast to the
whole world and I look like an idiot. So
I pack better now because it is on on on
video, you know.
>> I'm going to I'm going to tell you I'm
I'm super proud of him in Nikki T watch
everyone. I mean Nikkiet T loves
Candice. I mean she has uh she has
smoothed out some of your edges like
Nikkiet Ts out some of mine. I mean our
our Pam same way for Ryan. That's why
the Lord puts us together with women
because we need that. But
>> I mean it it uh some of the new packing
material you you've got Lonnie that I
don't have a Poshmark account so I I
don't I don't have those. But I have
seen you put stuff that I would put in a
poly mailer. I've seen you put in a poly
mailer and I'm excited every time you do
it. It's like Lonnie did not resize the
box. I'm so grateful. I feel more, you
know, I'm honored when Lonnie does
something that I would do.
>> Well, I do I do tend to overpack
sometimes, too. I I'll I'll admit that.
So, and maybe I shouldn't because that's
probably doing a disservice to a lot of
my viewers. You know, some of the newer
resellers it, you know,
>> like maybe I should explain that, you
know, I don't know. But what the point I
was getting at though, you did another
you did another short where you talked
about promoted listings and and you
showed, oh man, it's this sold promoted,
this sold promoted, this sold promoted.
>> Yeah.
>> And then like
>> complaining on the toilet.
>> I don't think people Okay, I'm glad. I
didn't
>> Oh, I was on the toilet.
>> Oh, no, no, no. Can I play that one,
too? Is that okay?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay, let me see if I can find it. It is
very good. I couldn't believe the toilet
scene, honestly. So,
>> I love the scene in the back. The uh the
sign behind you.
>> Yes. Our That's our half bath coming in
from our garage. So, Nikki T decorated
that one.
>> Help me out, Rev. Help me find this
thing.
>> Uh it will be Keep uh keep going. Uh
>> it's a newer one.
>> Oh, yeah. Go the other way. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> Is that Yeah, that's 13th.
>> This was it. Okay. We're going to watch
this one.
This is how eBay sellers have been
responding to sales since January 13th.
Made a sale. I sold an Elvis record for
$8, man. It sold on promoted listing.
Oh, darn it.
Oh, man. Awesome. I sold those 1992 Don
R series one. THEY COULD TELL YOU I SOLD
THEM. OH, it sold via promoted listing,
dog.
It
>> would poop here again.
>> I sold the big Ben clock for $34.
What did Oh no, it sold on promoted
>> toilet paper.
>> Man,
>> hey y'all. I know we may not like the
new fee structure that eBay has with all
of their promoted listings. I want to
give you a piece of advice. If you're
promoting your item to a point that if
it sells under promotion, you're going
to be upset when you're in the restroom
or upset when you make a sale. Listen,
don't promote it at that price. I always
promote a set fee. And I am always
excited when it sells. Just be grateful
that you made a sale. Most of what I
sell, I couldn't sell anywhere but eBay.
And I'm grateful every time that I make
a sale. Just a little advice from little
Orel. Follow for more like this.
>> I did see Cap Cut put sale S E L L
instead of the other, but that was Cap
Cut's error that I didn't correct. So,
uh,
that that's one that's really got me. I
know Lonnie, you've talked about it. All
content creators have talked about the
new promoted listing fee structure. The
way they attribute promotion and
charging you that extra fee is really
crazy and I agree to that. But if I'm
going to promote it and it sales under
promotion, if it's if I'm going to be
upset about that, I ought not promote
it. I ought to just say, you know, I'm
not going to do it. Every time I make a
sale,
>> I'm grateful for it. So that that's just
my view. I'm not going to pout about a
sale.
>> That's something that Ryan and I have
been talking about for quite a while now
and that's why I played that. Well,
first of all, that video was
entertaining just like the other one
was.
>> But man, I really, really, really
appreciate your perspective on this
because
>> if you go look at YouTube, and I'm
guilty of it too to some extent. I'll
complain just like anybody else will. I
try to maintain a positive attitude for
the most part, but you will catch me
complaining
>> from time to time. And I I really
appreciate that
that you're you're telling people to
have gratitude because it's a it's a
situation
that we can't really change anyways.
>> That's right.
>> It's out of our control,
>> right? I mean, I if it's really not out
of our control, we can choose not to use
eBay, but for me, uh, eBay is the number
one cash cow and reselling. It's easy
for me. I I'm putting it up there. I
couldn't sell a majority of what I sell
on eBay at a yard sale. So, why would I
be upset when they, you know, I I get it
sold and 3% promotion? I'm going to be
excited and grateful. I may not like
their fee structure, but really all it
is is a fee. And it's a fee to sell
there. And if that's what they charge,
then I've got to check the box and say,
"Hurrah, I made a sale."
>> Yep.
>> Yeah. That that's I think that's
important to have. And the same thing
with the customer. Like, no, none of us
likes being told how to do our job. I
don't care what your job is. Like, it's
going to it's going to hurt your pride a
little bit,
>> you know? Um, and I think your
perspective on that as well is just one
of being grateful that you had a sale
and you know and getting it to your your
customer just wants to get in in good
condition like you say. So
>> it's all it's all about perspective.
>> Yep. That's uh ultimately it comes down
to that and everything in life. I mean
there's so many things that we can get
our panties in a wad about and all it's
going to do is cause our panties to be
in a wad. I mean, it ain't going to
change the It ain't going to change it
at all. So, I've learned, of course,
Nikki T is probably when she watches
this, she's probably going to say, "You
need you're preaching to yourself
because there's a lot of things I need
to learn and I'm growing. Uh I'm I'm
growing every day. But if if I'm going
to get mad about something on eBay, uh
you know, I might as well put it down."
>> So,
>> all right. I've got a question. Lonnie
said he had one. Lonnie, you made this
statement the other day on one of your
>> on one of your videos. I think it was
>> We've enjoyed We've enjoyed your packing
videos because you and Candace are just
talking as husband and wife and me and
Nikit enjoy those. We we don't
>> we learn a lot from your packing, but we
we don't need to watch it for to see you
pack this stuff. We just en enjoy enjoy
listening to y'all. But you were talking
about not going into the post office
that you don't that you have a little
PTSD
uh you know about the the post office.
So I got a story and I don't know if you
want to share yours. Um
in the little town we live in uh there's
a post office between the church and our
h and our home. So I go to that post
office. I purchased a post office box
there. I call it the love box. It's 143.
Ryan, you may not realize what why that
is. The old beeper days, 143 was I love
you.
>> So, I have the 143 box. Yeah, the old
pager days,
>> you know, young guy. I had to explain
that to you. I know.
>> I I thought I thought it was a B. My
head went to it being a Bible verse
about love or something.
>> Yeah. Well, 143. I didn't I didn't know
what that was.
>> Oh, boy. Me and Nick in the old beeper
days, uh, we uh we used that. I call it
the love box. I've used it for both
channels and uh so but I go in there all
the time. They close at 4:30 and the
city that's the biggest city close to
us, they close at 5. But there is this
guy that's always behind the counter at
the one at the bigger city. Um let's
call his name Brian. I really should
call him jerk because that's what he is.
And uh every time I go in, he's rude to
customers. He's rude to everybody he
comes into contact with. I've never seen
him smile. So, he probably needs the
Lord and a lot of other stuff, too. But
on this day, I'm bringing my I think I
had three bags that I had. And if I'm
doing USPS, I always have my scan ready.
It's just one sheet of paper. I know
Lonnie doesn't do this, but if you print
all your labels at one time, you can get
a scan form. And I take that scan form.
I have it on a clipboard because I keep
it and I get a receipt back and they
stamp the scan form and I get it back.
Well, on this day, this guy Brian that's
a jerk, he takes my scan form off my
clipboard and gives me the receipt and I
said, "Uh uh Brian, I know him by name."
I said, "Brian, I I need that that sheet
of paper that goes I staple it and I've
got a place in my my shed where I I
store that. I need that." And he said,
"I'm going to give it to her." There was
a lady behind me that needed a label
that needed to make a label. Now, this
is post office. And I told Brian, I
said, 'Well, Brian, uh, that's my copy
of paper that that's my sheet of paper,
and I want it I want it back. And he
said, "No, you gave this to me." And
when he said it like that, I mean, I
literally about put my preacher card on
the table. I mean, it was uh
my temperature my my temperature rose up
and uh he takes that sheet of paper and
I said, "Well, look, it's mine." He
takes it and folds it and throws it in
the trash can, right? I mean,
>> what
>> eye to eye? He's looking at me when he
does this. And I thought, you know, I'm
in a city where I'm pastoring a church.
People know me. You know, it's probably
a federal offense to, you know, jerk a
nod in this post post guys. Uh, I really
wanted to go across the counter. It was
the worst experience ever had.
>> Lord, help me.
>> I needed that. And all I said, I said
one word, and it was not a curse word. I
just said, "Wow." I ain't going to tell
you what I was thinking, but I I said I
said, "Wow." And I I turned and walked
out. Now, before I go too much further
in the story, if the lady would have
asked me for the paper, I would have
gave it to her. But because this guy was
demanding that I was going to give her
my paper, uh, or he was going to give
her my paper that was mine, I didn't
want that. So, I went home. Now, Lonnie,
I should have been grateful I made all
those sales. I shouldn't have pouted
about it. I shouldn't have got upset.
But, I mean, it got all over me. I mean,
I was I was I was hot. So, I I had a
number to the postmaster in our
community in our uh had her cell phone
number. So, I called her cell phone
number after I'd already wrote a few
pleasantries in the post office. Little
toll-free thing. And uh she told me, she
said, "Will you come back to the post
office and wait in the parking lot for
me?" And I said, "I'll come in." She
said, "No, I just want you to come." So,
you can look through the glass if you
want to. So, I go to the glass and she
walks up to this guy. She makes him dig
into the trash can, get my sheet of
paper, and she walked it to the door and
handed it to me. And I just turned and
and looked in the glass at Brian, and I
gave him an old deuces, and I went and
got an old pudding and went home.
>> He got no pudding.
>> Yeah.
>> I'm gonna tell you,
>> this guy still work. Is he still working
there?
>> He must have tenure or he must have some
photos on some people. I don't know what
he's got, but he is a jerk to everybody.
Like, I mean, there are people and I I
just won't go back because I think if I
saw him at Walmart,
>> we would be scrapping in the aisle. I
mean, he's I mean, it's it's he's he's a
he's a jerk. Uh, but like I say, he's
probably got some stuff going on in his
life, but that's where my PTSD
>> I won't go to that post office because
of that. because if I'm gonna get angry
about about that, I I don't need to be
in that situation.
>> I that I I I I don't have any I don't
have any story that good, Rev. Uh but I
I really appreciate that you said I was
going to put you were going to put your
your preacher card down on the table.
>> So if that happens, if a preacher ever
puts their preaching card, Do you have a
preacher card?
>> No. Oh, no. I do.
>> You do? No, no, no, I don't have like a
hey, I'm officially a preacher, but I I
do have a business card that says, you
know, who I am and what
>> So, like if you ever get pulled over,
like if you're out and going too fast
and old pudding, what do you have like a
little move? Like, what's your move like
with a cop when
>> I have a Bible in every one of my
automobiles? And I I I don't I mean,
it's not a it's just a Bible. I just
have my Bible there. And they normally
say, "Oh, are you a pastor?" And I'll
say, "Yeah." And most of the time it
helps, but sometimes they'll say things
like, "Well, you ought to knew better
than to break the law." And I still get
tickets.
So, uh, yeah, I've got actually warning
tickets and tickets on the visor in my
danger ranger. I have a 99 Ranger that I
have and I keep them there to remind me
to slow down.
>> Nice.
Well, you know, I I I do have some
similar stories like it seems like to
me, and I don't want to I don't want to
talk bad about these people, man,
because I've I've had some really good
good interactions. Like we had um our
carrier retired about I don't know, six
months ago.
>> Mhm.
>> And she did such a good job for us. We
loved her so much. Do you know this is a
couple months ago? She actually came
You're talking about people showing up
at your house. Mhm.
>> Well, she came to our house and she sat
right there in Candace's chair and we
got we talked to her for about 45
minutes. This a couple of months ago.
That's how much we have we've had some
really great experiences too.
>> But I found at our post office when I go
in that lobby and I'm used to when I go
to a business say and the more you buy
and it probably the well the more you
buy the more they love you, right?
>> Yeah. And that's how business usually
works.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, the more postage I buy and I bring
into that lobby, the more they hated me.
They hated me. The the more the better
I'd be doing, the more they'd be hating
me. That's what I saw. And I I try and
stay away from that because like you
say,
>> it'd be so easy to break some kind of
federal law. And I don't
>> I don't want to do that. And I don't
they don't want me to do that either.
So, if I can just get my pickups
>> or when we do have business,
>> I send my better half in to handle it
>> and I'll wait out in the parking lot.
That that's just knowing your limits,
you know?
>> Yeah. I I don't mind being in the
newspaper, but I don't want to be in
there for something at the post office.
So, I mean, I So, sometimes it's best
just to stay away. the little community
that we have here. We have two ladies,
three ladies that work the the counter
and man, they they see me every time I
come in, they get a card. If I know it's
their birthday, I'm giving them
something. I'm going to love on them
because I know Mondays to like today, I
mean, they got 40 something packages and
I try to get in there at a reasonable
hour. Uh me and Nikit always pack when
she gets home from school. Uh, so I'm
normally a little bit later, but we we
try to get it set up and and uh, you
know, get it to them at a reasonable
hour because I know they're working just
like everybody else has a job, but uh, I
think old Brian had a little bit little
bit too much coffee that day.
>> And this is a guy, you know? Does he
know? Did Brian know you very well
before?
>> Oh, yeah. I When I say no, I mean he I I
see his plaque and because he's such a
jerk, I remember his name because I pray
for him. uh pray for him often. So I
I've been in probably 10 15 times and
just it's always a long line there and
and I just when there's a long line, you
can see how he's interacting with other
people. So he's just probably not a
happy guy and and they need to put him
in the back. He doesn't need to be in
customer service, but he probably has
some tenure or something like that.
Brian, if you watch this Lonnie and Ryan
podcast, I forgive you sort of.
Have you seen Brian since it happened?
>> No, not been back in.
>> Oh, wow.
>> And that's been uh that's probably been
over a year.
>> So, uh
>> I'm the same way. I just I just won't
won't go in because I don't know. He may
be embarrassed. I'm sure he remembers
that day digging in his trash can to get
my sheet of paper back.
That that was probably pride in me, but
I felt so good when I seen him doing
that. And that shouldn't have felt that
way, but I I did.
>> Well, at least you're praying for them.
>> Yeah. You know, you're you're loving
your enemies.
>> Yes.
>> I I didn't hear a whole lot of love yet,
but maybe. So, you know what? Yeah.
>> We're we're all going to I'm going to
say a prayer for Brian and a prayer for
>> That's what I'm praying about is that uh
you know, that's that's the part I'm
praying about so I can find some love
for him. And you know, I don't know how
how y'all are. I interact with people
all the time. of course in ministry and
in life. I see people in their best and
in their worst.
>> And I of course am called to treat
people fairly and right with honor and
dignity. And when I see someone that is
treating people unfairly all the time, I
sort of get bristly. I sort of try to
defend that because it's like,
>> wow, you know, I'm working so hard
because there's times I want to let my
hair down and and be a turd. But you
don't have to, you know, I mean, it's
you're not going to gain anything from
it other than maybe losing a friend or
losing business. So,
>> I try to be as nice as I can be, even
when it's hard.
>> And that's something Lonnie and I have
talked about. Um, we can kind of bring
it into like the social media side of
things when it comes to like negative
comments
>> and something that we always remember
and that we've we've been telling each
other for a while now because we've kind
of been on this gratitude journey as
well. like he kind of Lonnie was kind of
alluding to it
>> earlier, but um
>> something to remember is like when when
somebody's nasty to you or you know
somebody says a mean comment or
something, it's really not them being
mad at you.
>> It's really them battling something in
in themselves.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah.
>> And um and that and it's sad. It's
unfortunate. And their goal is to bring
their pain or or their hatred or disdain
for the world or their life onto you.
And if you respond
>> negatively, they win.
>> Spreading it. Yeah.
>> Exactly. So, you know, we've kind of
tried to
respond to mean comments differently
lately. Um and and it's from the heart
too because
>> we really do feel like in in a weird way
a little sad for these people because
>> yeah I always say hurting people
>> struggling
>> hurting people hurt people and uh you
know they feel bad they want everybody
else to feel bad if somebody else is
having success and they're not
>> they want to be upset about it and fight
about it and try to
>> poo poo on whatever their parade and
>> you know it feels was good for a moment,
but guess what? They're still going to
be succeeding and you're still going to
be losing with that attitude. So,
>> yeah.
>> And and I'll be honest, that's why
social media sometimes can be a
challenge for me. Uh because, you know,
you you do you see people that are doing
things I don't think the best way. and
it seems like, you know, they're they're
getting the hand raised, they're getting
the praise, they're getting the views,
and then, you know, others are trying to
do something that's positive and it's
not as flashy. But I'm okay with that. I
mean, you you've got to learn to be okay
with doing it the right way, even if
you're not going to get as much as
somebody else is doing it way.
>> Spot.
>> We actually had a sim we had a very very
we had a conversation.
>> Yeah. just a little while ago.
>> Yeah,
>> we we we Ryan has been Ryan is my um
>> Ryan is my
30-year-old I'm Rev. I'm 52. Ryan is 30
>> and I look to him for wisdom every day.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> Seriously. But
>> wisdom is not an age thing.
>> It's not. It's not. And let me tell you
something though, else about like Okay.
the
like the trolls and and the mean
comments and stuff. There's another part
to that, too. And this is like I've been
doing this almost 10 years just on
reselling content, right?
>> Mhm.
>> And I found myself in this position a
bunch of times, too. Sometimes I think,
"Oh, that's a meanie. They just don't
like me. They're trying to make me feel
bad with this critique or whatever." But
then there are also other times and it's
hard to tell the difference where
they're telling me something and I'm
taking it as them being mean, but it's
actually valuable criticism about
something I am doing wrong. And not only
am I doing some this thing wrong, and
there's still probably a lot of things
now,
>> but I'm spreading that message to
thousands of people, which is even more
damaging. and I'm just taking their
criticism the wrong way and I'm being
overly defensive. I've been in that spot
too and I've been maybe nasty back or
whatever and then I think back about it
months later and I'm like you know what
>> it was right.
>> They were right. Mhm. And and so like
it's sometimes it's really diff like I
really try to look at every every one of
these and I'm like, "Okay, where is this
comment coming from?"
>> Yep.
>> Is there some possibility that they're
right because I don't like I don't want
to always like push away all criticism
because I'm not I don't know it all, you
know? I make a lot of mistakes every
>> day.
>> Yeah.
>> That's that's a challenge for me. I I
got a comment on one of the shorts that
said something like go pack salt up up.
I mean it was like a very very negative
comment. I mean I didn't even finish
what I I thought it said and I thought
she was telling me that I needed to go
pack it. And I guess
>> in the English language it's it's
difficult when somebody types something
in words. You don't know the inflection.
You don't know what they're meaning or
where they're aiming. So, I thought the
lady was telling me to go pack something
and I was like, "Hold up. Wait a minute.
We about to put some rev in it." I mean,
I was really and and then I I I had to
pull back. And then I read it and I just
I didn't even do anything but just give
it a thumbs up because the comment
shouldn't have been made, but I'm trying
to
>> trying to get trying to get monetized.
So, I just click that.
But, uh, it's hard sometimes with
comments if you you got to have a thick
skin. I I think like Dave,
>> uh, ADHD Dave or Dave in real life, he's
turned his comments off because I think
he was going through a a thing where
comments was affecting like what he was
doing and how he was working and how he
was going about his day.
>> And uh, if you listen, you're going to
find a critic if you're willing to
listen to everybody. So, you just you
just have to know what you're supposed
to be doing and do it.
>> You you know what? You know what's
worse? How about the people that gash
you up when you shouldn't be gassed up,
>> right?
>> Yeah.
>> That's dangerous, too.
>> That's That's equally d That might be
worse because you're going to let them
you're going to let all that come in.
>> You're going to you're going to soak
you're going to soak up all that stuff.
That's the good stuff.
>> I'm it.
>> Yes. That's right. So, I mean,
>> when you on that pedestal, that fall is
a whole lot farther. So, uh don't don't
let uh you know, a bad foundation pick
you up because it's going to crumble.
And it it does often.
>> It does often.
>> Hey, what was that little rhyme you did
a minute ago? That was catchy. I like
that.
>> It was on the spot. We're gonna have to
make a a a short on Facebook about that.
I don't I don't even remember what it
was.
>> Let's get some Hold up. Wait a minute.
Let's get some riv in it.
>> That's right.
>> I love it, man.
>> But yeah, the the comments the the
comments I don't and and and then if you
talk about it, I try not to even talk
about comments
>> because the only people that will ever
understand how the comments and how they
affect you
is are other people that have to deal
with them or that deal with those
comments. If you if if you haven't ever
had all the bunch of comments coming at
you, you don't know what it feels like.
It's real easy to say,
>> uh, ignore the haters or blah blah blah,
you know, like it's so easy to say that.
>> All right, here here's a a preacher
story and it will perfectly line up with
what we're talking about. There was a
guy who went to become a prospective
pastor of a church. So he preaches uh a
sermon in front of the congregation and
uh he's over I call it the assembly line
when people come after the message and
they're talking to the pastor on the way
out and there was a little boy and the
little boy came up and he said uh that
that message was just too long and then
he turned around and little boy went to
the back of the line and he was talking
to a few more people and little boy came
back up and and was talking to the
pastor and he said that was a rather
boring message and he goes back to the
back of the line and he comes back up
the third time and said, "Uh, I think
you still got a lot of learning that you
need to do." And the guy that was next
to him said, "Man, don't worry about
that kid. All he ever does is repeat
what other people are saying."
>> Oh,
>> the the the kicker to that story is is
man, criticism can hurt. Sticks and
stones can break my bones, but words
will never hurt me. That's the biggest
lie uh that has ever been told. Words
sometimes are worse than sticks and
stones. And as a content creator, uh,
anybody who welcomes criticism or puts
themselves open to criticism, it's going
to sting. And it's it does often. So,
uh, we we get it.
>> And And they say, and and you said
earlier something else I wanted to, uh,
talk about. You said, uh, tough skin or,
you know, thick skin.
>> Mhm.
>> I don't want thick skin. I don't want to
I I don't want to lose my because to me
that equals losing your humanity to be
able to be able to do YouTube. I don't
want to do that. I
>> My humanity is what makes me valuable.
>> Not not like making me myself less like
>> like shielding like my humanity is what
my my viewers like, I think.
>> Oh,
>> so I don't want to I don't want to cut
that off, but also I need to protect
myself. So I understand why Dave did
that. Oh, me too. Yeah.
>> But man, that's sad, huh?
>> It is. It is. But I I you know, I pray
uh you know, for folks that that you
know, like I say, hurting people hurt
people. Uh so, you know, I I try to
remember. All right, Lonnie, here's some
spicy stuff. Changing the sto just just
a little bit. You probably don't
remember this. uh years ago years ago
you uh you'd went to a yard sale or
something and I think you and Candace
were showing off these uh uh driving
shoes. I don't know if you remember
them. They were like green suede and
they had on the heel they had a little
bit of heel I guess when you pushing the
clutch and the gas pedal. And
Ryan Lonnie was saying these these shoes
are awesome. These are the nicest shoes.
Look look Candace. Look how awesome
these shoes are. And and I mean I I've
watched Lonnie and I thought, you know
what? I need me some riding shoes. So I
went on Lonnie's site and I I scared
right now.
>> I went on these shoes.
>> They came in the mail.
>> And Lonnie, I'm going to tell you, them
were the worst shoes I ever bought in my
life.
>> Are you serious?
>> They were they were they were twelves,
but I think they were in like
millimeters and not inches. I mean, them
things were tight. I I I I put them on
and I thought for a second, uh uh you
know, send these rascals back to Lonnie
and I didn't. I threw them away. So,
Lonnie, if you remember that years ago,
>> I don't
>> you you got me, man. It was like
>> How much was it, Rev?
>> It was under $50 and above 40. And I
mean, I was Whoa.
>> You know, I'm just telling you. I'm just
telling you them shoes were not good and
awesome and cool like you were saying.
>> Oh my gosh.
>> Uhoh.
>> I've got beef out there, Rev, that I had
no I've got so many beefs I have to
squash in this world.
>> Oh, I tell you what.
>> Wait, are you Is this a true story? That
was a true story.
>> This is a 100% true story. There was no
ill intent, no anger, no none of that.
But, uh, I disagree with your assessment
other than driving fuses.
>> That that would be that would be the uh
that would be a good a good um feedback.
>> Oh, that would be a good feedback. I
disagree with your assessment of these
driving shoes.
>> Yeah, that's right. I mean, they were
like Italian or something like that and
Old Country Rev. I'm thinking, man, I'm
going to get me some riding shoes, some
driving shoes. Them things suck.
>> I've never even heard of they have they
have a they have a special thing on like
the he what on the heel or something,
Rev. I can't
>> keep talking them up. Keep talking them
up.
>> Yeah, it the heel like wrapped all the
way around to the back so that when
you're flexing the foot, you've all
already, you know, you've got something
on the floor all the time. But I
thinking I needed a bigger shoe, I
guess, cuz them rascals didn't fit. So,
uh,
>> but you got me, Lonnie. You got me.
>> Okay. Well, I I spent that money on
something really good, I'm sure.
>> Oh, I you you've turned that $40 into a
whole bunch of $40 since then. So,
>> I might have bought I hope I didn't buy
a bottle of booze with it or something.
>> I don't I don't even think I got a shout
out. I don't think I even got a shout
out or nothing. Well, Rev, let me do it
now. Rev, thank you very much for buying
those crappy shoes. I appreciate it.
>> We finally agree they were crappy.
>> Oh, man. Well,
>> wow.
>> Ryan, what do you have for Rev? You need
We need to uh go move on to something
else.
>> Um,
let's see.
>> You know, while you think about it, I
have a question for you, Rev.
>> All right.
Do you sell Bibles on eBay?
>> Wow. I knew that was coming. I knew that
was coming.
>> My rule on selling Bibles on eBay is
really uh
I mean it it's profound. Everybody will
be so excited. I only uh sell Bibles on
eBay that'll sell. Uh I sell Bibles on
eBay. Every Bible I bought, I covered
this one with leather. Even put my
initials on it. This is the Bible. But I
paid money. I paid money for this Bible.
And every Bible that I own, uh, I bought
a whole bunch of them. I have been given
away. I won't take the free Bible at
yard sales, right?
>> But I'll buy I'll buy a Bible to resale
because I know I've bought a whole bunch
of Bibles in my life.
>> And people that
>> usually people that are given free
Bibles may not read it,
>> but those who buy a Bible, they're
probably going to read it. So,
>> that's a great point.
>> I'm I'm happy to sell Bibles on eBay and
uh if I find a nice Bible, I'm going to
purchase it and if I don't need it
myself or don't know someone else that
needs it. Now, of course, somebody in
the community in our church, right,
>> says, "Hey, I want a Bible. I've got
30." I'll give them a Bible. Uh one of
mine, but uh yeah, I' I sell Bibles on
eBay.
>> What's What's your favorite version if
you had to?
>> I you I I preach from the King James
version, old school. I like the poetic
language. Uh yeah, Porterdale Baptist
Church, go watch one of the services and
you'll But I think every preacher ought
to take the dollar words and make change
out of them when they preach. So, of
course, if the language seems like
difficult to understand, that's what you
got a preacher for, to explain it and
tell you what it means.
>> But I do study. I have a lot of
different translations uh that I use.
New American Standard uh was seminary
and Bible college. I used it, but I
preach from KJV.
So
>> that I I'm like I'm kind of like you on
the the free Bibles. Now, if there's a
really nice because there I've sold a
pretty good many Bibles, so if there's I
know which ones are a little better than
other ones as far or I'm sorry, more
valuable than others.
>> Um so Bibles,
>> right? That's what I was going to say. I
if I see one that's free and I want to
get it,
>> then I'll offer like I'll say, "Hey, can
I I'll give you $5, you know, because
usually in that kind of spot, you can
just donate five bucks or whatever,
right?"
>> But um and one time, this wasn't too
long ago, I don't know if you saw this
or not, we went to uh it was a pastor's
house.
>> Yeah.
>> And the kids were selling all of his
books and Bibles. Not selling, they were
selling all the contents of the house.
And he had a room or they had a room.
There was nothing but books and Bibles
and they said everything in there is
free.
>> Wow. Yeah man.
>> And
it was great stuff. It was like sets and
just like all all the good stuff. A lot
of Swagger stuff.
>> Swagger Swagger Ministries is is is here
in Baton Rouge or was here in Baton
Rouge. I don't know what it's called
now,
>> but um they had a lot of that stuff
which does really well.
>> Yeah. And um she's like, "It's all
free." I'm like I'm like, "Ma'am,
>> I'm about to take a lot of it out of
that room."
>> And I said, "We we're how about we just
give you $100 and we just take all the
books we" And she said, "That sounds
awesome." And she and then we took
probably about 500 pounds of books out
of there.
>> Yeah, that's great stuff.
>> Yep.
And and the thing is there were there
were people in my position and others
that were looking for that book and the
only way they were going to find it is
if Lonnie put it up on eBay. So you did
a service
>> to who was selling it and who was buying
it. I mean people that get on their high
horse about buying and selling stuff on
eBay, they don't really realize that
everything you have ever purchased has
been resold. I mean you we don't you
know we don't get outside of my leather
wallet. I mean, you don't go through the
process.
>> Somebody's had their hand in it and some
all these people need to be paid. So,
reselling,
>> I mean, if you go buy at Walmart, you're
buying something that has been resold.
So,
>> the morality and the the people who get
on their high horse. Oh, you didn't pay
them enough. Well, I paid them what they
agreed for me to pay them. And I wasn't,
you know, I wasn't being unruly or
unfair. We We had a deal. I made a deal.
and I'm going to pass that deal on to
whoever buys it from me.
>> Well, let me ask you this then. This
might be a bridge too far, but I'm going
to try.
>> Um, so you spread the good word at your
church, right?
>> That's right.
>> Well, I I spread the good word on eBay.
>> Amen.
>> Right. Am I basically a preacher now?
>> Do you get the the preacher card?
>> Well, he's like, I want the preacher
card.
>> Yeah.
Hey, I I I have zero qualms of uh now
that there there's some there's some
preachers out there that are scum that I
wouldn't sell their mess. I'm going to
burn it. I don't want anybody to get it.
But a Bible, uh I'm not uh you know, I
don't have a line. I want the Bible to
get out into as many hands as it can.
So, I'm happy when somebody buys a
Bible.
>> Something else I've sold a lot of, well,
I I shouldn't say a lot. I would say
probably I don't know probably under 10
times.
I've sold about I've sold probably about
10 Ouija boards
>> over uh
>> oh o over the past 10 years or so. One
of them was really old. It was like from
the 20s I think
>> it actually sold it was like wood. It
was made out of wood. It might have been
the real deal, you know. The others were
all just a fold up cardboard type.
>> So would you sell a Ouija board? Can I
try to guess what he's going to say?
>> Uh, yeah. Guess guess what he's going to
say.
>> No,
>> I don't think so either.
>> Um, I'll take the devil's money and use
it for God's glory.
>> Oh,
>> so somebody Yeah. So, so listen, and
this is Well,
>> interesting perspective. I didn't see
this coming.
>> I said yes in kind of a flippant way.
So, let me tell you what I mean by that.
somebody, you know, came to me and said,
"Hey, what if what if somebody in your
community that was the biggest sinner in
the community and won the lottery and he
won the lottery and he came into your
church and said, "Hey, I want to donate
some of my funds. I don't believe in
God, don't believe in Jesus, but I want
to give you and your church a million
dollars to do ministry." I would I would
see that as God allowed this this loser
to win the lottery so our church could
get a million dollars to do good with
it. Uh so maybe there's some of that. I
probably wouldn't sell a Ouija board,
but but I'm kind of halfway uh in that.
Okay.
>> You know, it's uh so I've used uh
>> I don't know that's kind of tough. I
mean, as that's kind of one that that uh
you know, maybe I would have qualms with
a Ouija board because I've seen people
do some crazy stuff on movies with Ouija
boards. So, maybe that's me.
>> And you probably wouldn't be caught the
pre the good preacher probably wouldn't
be caught buying the Ouija board to even
have it to sell in the first place,
right?
>> Yeah, that's right. I' I've seen some
stuff at yard sales though.
>> Yeah, I bet.
>> Yeah.
H
>> Is there anything else you wouldn't
sell?
>> Oh yeah. Uh you know niku tea uh you
know any
like risque stuff and things like that.
I don't uh I wouldn't I wouldn't sell
it. I had some I buy a lot of comic
books
>> and I I think there was like some
swimsuit comic books we saw one time and
I was like oh my goodness. But, uh, you
know, any anything that I wouldn't want
my kids to see in the shed,
>> I I probably wouldn't sell.
>> So, that's just that's just where I'm
at.
>> So,
>> Okay, makes sense. Yeah, I Yeah, that
that that's about what I expected.
>> And, uh, yeah, I Yeah, I I I can respect
I've actually sold some things in the
past that I kind of regret
>> selling to be honest. some stuff that I
probably could have just brought to the
landfill instead and let it
>> Yeah, there there's some money and stuff
and and that's another thing about
reselling and this is one of those
philosophical things. Uh, of course in
ministry I I know that people have value
and and some people don't even realize
it themselves, but
>> you know, if Christ was going to die for
the world, then the world everybody has
value. Everybody's created in the image
of God and they have value. And that's
what reselling does for me is I've found
things that I would have I would have
taken to the landfill before. I would
have I would have thrown away. I would
have, you know, not slowed down at a
yard sale. And since I've been
reselling, I've found value in things
that I would not have known had value
ever if I wasn't reselling. So, you
know, that's kind of cool. I mean, we
can we can see value in stuff that other
people would say was useless.
It's a good way of looking at it.
>> Well, Rev, is there anything else that
that you would like to uh talk about or
promote that you're doing? like this is
we want to give you a chance to uh like
a big part of of of what Ryan like we
start you know you know we started out
with
>> maybe the more t uh titilating type
things on this on this channel and you
know because we have to we want to bring
people to watch but
>> what one of our missions here is to like
help people too. Yeah.
>> And like we want to help content
creators such as yourself
>> get out there because you have a lot of
talent and you have a good message and
we want to help that along and that
helps us too.
>> Yeah.
>> Like this is like I this has been a
great show so far. So um that like that
>> that's one of the that's that's really
the reason we're doing this right now,
>> right?
>> Yeah. Oh, absolutely.
>> Yeah. The Facebook page of course I'm
trying that. I don't know if we'll make
a go at it, but I mean, I think it's
pretty fun. I've enjoyed it. So, of
course, we'll be putting out content
there. Um,
>> I think if you keep doing I'll I'll just
say this. I think if you keep doing
skits and like videos like you're doing,
>> I think you're going to find success
because there's nobody re else out there
that I've seen at least, and I don't
watch a whole lot of re reseller stuff
on Facebook, so if I'm wrong, let me
know. But
>> um I I don't think there's a lot of
people making that kind of like
>> that content. Number one, it it takes
work to do.
>> Mhm.
>> And number two, you need the talent,
which you and you have both.
>> Well, I think uh of course I I Lonnie
talks about the accent, but I mean, I
communicate for a living. I mean, that's
that's what I do.
>> So, I I you know, I enjoy that aspect of
looking at things at a different angle
and kind of presenting it in a way that
is palpitable that people can take it
in. So, I I've enjoyed that. I've
enjoyed like instead of what sold I've
enjoyed doing the little hey I sold this
Dolly Parton album and I talk about
Dolly Parton for a minute and there's
going to be people that's going to enjoy
that other than saying hey I sold this
Bible I'll tell you a little bit about
the Bible. So I mean I'm trying a few
different things and see what'll stick.
Um, but we'll we'll probably do the
content. And Ro Lonnie knows this. Uh,
reselling content is hard to be original
because
we're all selling stuff. So, I mean,
really the the thing that separates
people in the reselling is our
personalities and who we are.
>> Yes.
>> Uh, that's really the only thing
different. Uh, Commonwealth
Commonwealthy Picker and Dave and Carrie
and all of these different ones that are
doing reselling. uh Herald, Tornado, all
all of those. We're doing the same
thing, maybe different scales, but but
we're still going and buying stuff and
reselling it on these different
platforms. So, there's really not much
to separate that other than just who we
are. So, I'm just trying to do something
a little bit different. Facebook, I'll
be back on YouTube, me and Nikki T. My
wife, that's another thing I probably
need to say this.
My wife is awesome. She enjoys buying
and she pulls the listings that I I sell
every day. So, we're a team and uh
>> That's great,
>> man. We And I know Lonnie, I've even put
it on reseller water cooler.
>> I know you're grateful for Candace and I
know Ryan is grateful for Pam. I've seen
too many content creators pimp their
wife out. I won't do that, but I want my
wife to be uh on the channel and we're
we're a couple. We're a team. And uh so
we we'll do YouTube again.
>> Yeah. No, you've done you've done a
fantastic fa fantastic job of separating
yourself and and being original with
with your content lately and and that
actually really caught my eye.
>> Um
>> so um yeah, definitely definitely keep
doing that.
>> Yeah, those shorts that I that the two
shorts and then you've got some others.
Uh that's the highest quality reselling
short content I think I've ever seen.
>> Yeah. Hands down.
>> Wow. Like that's how that's how good it
is because it's like original and like
you you you executed well. If you kept
doing that,
>> excuse me, if you keep doing that, uh I
think you will find uh a lot of success.
>> No doubt.
>> Got a lot of original content on the
toilet. I do.
>> Well, uh it's probably uh
>> it's been an hour and a half or so, I
think.
>> But uh um yeah. No. So, thank you uh
thank you Rev for coming on here. We
really appreciate it and uh this was
this was a fun episode. I I expected it
to be fun. I don't I didn't expect it to
be this fun. This is this has been
great. Fantastic.
>> I I did as soon as I saw as soon the
first time I saw Rev is the first time I
saw that short you you made about
telling you how to pack. The first time
I watched it through I took it seriously
and then I was like and then halfway
through I was like dummy he's being
sarcastic.
>> Yeah.
Not sarca- sarcastic might not be the
right term, but he's
>> Yeah. Just making light of a situation
we deal with often. Yeah.
>> And then I watched it through again. I'm
like, "Oh, this guy is brilliant." As I
was like, "Okay, this is going to be a
fun podcast with Rev
>> and it it did not disappoint, at least
me."
>> Well, I I appreciate both of you. I love
love your channels and your Ryan, your
new content. Uh your family. Thank you.
Uh, Lonnie, uh, me and Nikki T have
watched you and Candace for years and
will continue to do so. Uh, so I I
appreciate I'm honored y'all had me on
and and I hope we get more views than
Kevin did last week, even though it
wasn't really spicy, but I am
competitive enough to say, "Bring the
views on, y'all. Bring them on."
>> Okay, Rev, I tell you what. I want you
to look in my store when we get done.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> What size shoe do you wear? size 12.
I don't know if I have any twelves or
not. If I have any, next time I have a
pair of twelves and you see a pair of
shoes I have in my store that you like,
you message me and I'll just send I'll
send you a pair of shoes and a Bible.
I'll send you a pair of shoes and a
Bible free charge.
>> I'm not going to ask you if they're
nice, if they're cool, if they're
awesome. I'm not going to do that.
>> I'm a salesman, Rev. What can I say?
>> Hey, you did a fine job on that. I was
disappointed with the purchase, but you
did a fine job.
>> Thanks a bunch, Rev. It was a lot of
fun.
>> Hey, it was awesome. Appreciate y'all.
>> All right. Thanks, Rev. See you
everybody. Thanks for watching.